feat(react-native): Add push notification docs (#5344)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/push-notifications/react-native/app_badge_count/app-badge-count.mdx

The app badge count, when set, can be seen on your app's icon on a user's device. Amplify provides you with simple helpers to manipulate this number.

<Callout>
  App badge count helpers are safe to call even when your app is running on

>   Android but will be ignored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Android but will be ignored.
```

</Callout>

## Get the current badge count

> Use `getBadgeCount` to get the current app badge count. You might need to do this to calculate the value to update the badge count to.

Reviewer: The dangling preposition at the end is a little awkward

```suggestion
Use `getBadgeCount` to get the current app badge count. You might need to do this to calculate the value when setting the badge count.
```
